Anthony Laffor is a difficult person said Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane of his mercurial Liberian forward who has produced two crucial super-sub performances for his team in the past eight days.affor came on as a substitute in last Saturday s Caf Champions League semifinal first leg in Ndola Zambia with Sundowns 2-0 down against Zesco United and made the counter-attacking run and produced the cross that led to Khama Billiat s 87th-minute goal.That strike and the 2-1 scoreline kept Downs firmly in the tie for Saturday night s second leg at Lucas Moripe Stadium.Then the Liberian again produced off the bench for Downs in Wednesday s MTN8 semifinal second leg against Chippa United at Lucas Moripe scoring the winning goal on the night and on aggregate.RELATED>>>Khama Billiat scores the most crucial away goal for Mamelodi Sundowns You must look at the relationship between me and Laffor for the last three years Mosimane said after the big Liberian s goal had put Downs into their first cup final of 2016-17. I always ask Anthony Laffor: Why can t you be in the starting line-up? I mean you ve got so much speed and technique . He s such a good football player why should he be coming from the bench. But somewhere somehow you play him in the first XI from the start of the game and you don t get much. I end up substituting him after 45 minutes and then I ve lost a sub. So he comes up at the right time. Against Tuks [in the PSL game where Sundowns wrapped up the title last season] I asked him: Laffor we have a big game and we need to win the league. I don t want to have to wait to go to Wits and fight for it there . And he started and scored a hat-trick. He s been a very difficult player trust me. Anthony Laffor and [Downs right-back] Asavela Mbekile are difficult people. Forgive me.RELATED>>>Orlando Pirates Ndoro speaks on his goal scoring targets No it s not easy. I don t know if today Are you playing or are you not going to play . I think Mbekile s a fine right-back. But one day he ll give you a wonder game. At Zesco he did very well when he came in. And it s the life of a coach. We re dealing with very difficult characters. You ve got 25 characters. A 1-0 win against Zesco on Saturday night would be enough for Sundowns to progress on the away goals rule to their second Champions League final. Their first was in 2001 where they lost to Egyptian giants Al Ahly.RELATED>>>Shape up or ship out Komphela s two options