After weeks of raging protests that left a trail of destruction across the country, the SAPS have revealed their findings on #FeesMustFall.Acting national commissioner Lieutenant-General Khomotso Phahlane said that information at our disposal suggests that the #FeesMustFall initiative has been infiltrated by forces with agendas not aligned with those who seek free education to advance themselves . Malema EFF CIC have condemned the police brutality metered on protesting students. He however encouraged the protesters that victory was certain.Fees Marikana only came from Wits vice-chancellor Adam Habib who told a higher education imbizo: I have listened to some protesters who say that they want their own Marikana. Phahlane said the intelligence the SAPS has is being followed up and those involved will be dealt with accordingly . The SAPS will continue to exercise maximum restraint and manage the attacks and provocation within the confines of the law the proportional use of force will characterise the work of the police he said. We will endeavour to protect lives and property in accordance with our Constitutional mandate. READ ALSO>>> Fix yourself before you start talking about our boobs on radio Skhumba toldReports circulated on Friday claiming that the Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) was behind the violent protests that have disrupted higher education institutions across the country. Even Blade Nzimande and Gwede Mantashe also said this, now sources in the SAPS that chose anonymity claims that EFF leadership faces imminent arrests for inciting violence and being the force behind the protests.SAPS&#8217; Acting national commissioner Lieutenant-General Khomotso Phahlane said It is during trying times like these that members are reminded of the oath of office and the Code of Conduct which demands from us to serve our people with integrity honesty respect and without fear or favour he said. No amount of attack insults or emotions must generate behaviour unbecoming of any one of us. We will remain loyal committed and dedicated to the Constitution and execution of our mandate. 