This letter written by a concerned citizen, its not originated by Pretoria LIVE only published.Dear ANCYL LeadershipSo much has been happening in our country in the past few weeks, months and years. South Africa is going backwards and only the unborn cannot see that. South Africa is going back and forth when it comes to economic strengths and community developments within the country. It is undisputed that our Black community is still in extreme poverty more especially the youth remain un-catered for even after 22 years of democracy. We are in a state of a developing country and our schools are producing a number of matriculants per year, who are striving for success and to pave their way to economic freedom in the near future. Those matriculants are working hard, making their way to enter and be economic productive in the country. After they finish their High school levels, they want to enter the institutions of higher education, more especially the universities. Mind you, their parents are jobless, others are deceased and those kids are survived by their grandparents. Though life is hard but whoever makes it to matric strives to finish and proceed to tertiary. Money is always the factor on these families especially those in deep rural areas where poverty is smelt right at the gate of every household. It is not that pupils do not want to further their education but the saddening life at home is disastrous, shameful and unfortunate to them. This creates an unforgivable pretense that life is okay as it is though the truth is well known. If you ever wore those shoes you will pretty much understand this stance.Here is my point, getting that opportunity to finish your matric with flying colours and being refrained an opportunity to go further to tertiary is so frustrating, not to mention getting your one leg at tertiary and than being excluded financially. That is so disheartening and shameful. It makes a person to feel as unimportant and born to suffer in life. Another saddening part on a Black child&#8217;s life is that of finishing tertiary studies (if it happened) and than facing life without a job. It feels like being a foreigner in your very own country. Imagine a poor previously disadvantaged family having fought hard for its child to study at tertiary with a hope that their child will unchain the whole family thereafter, in completion. Than there comes the jobless future and all hopes just disappear in vain. The family, friends and neighbours who have put their hopes and well-wishes for betterness and all seemingly goes down the drain.Coming back to my point, I have been following and trying to figure out what ANCYL is doing for the youth, but unfortunately so far nothing I found. And even when I ask other youth in trying to hear from them but nothing important comes out. ANCYL leaders are seen as enjoying the office luxury and fancy cars they ride. They are enjoying life other than tackling issues of the youth out there. &#8211; Youth is suffering with no one willing to listen and assist in their grievances. &#8211; Youth out there is left with no jobs or income. &#8211; Youth out there is dying a silent death, poverty. &#8211; Youth out there is dying of infectious diseases like HIV/AIDS. &#8211; Youth out there is drowning in drugs. &#8211; Youth out there is left to suffer on its own. &#8211; Youth out there is in trouble and no one seems to care.ANCYL stands a good chance of sitting with its mother body, the ruling party (ANC) and discuss problems facing the youth and than stress their solutions to all the issues pertaining youth in the country. ANCYL stands a good chance to approach its mother body and figure out how the country can be driven into a better country by coming up with constructive solutions to whatever triggers or disturbs the country&#8217;s economy. A youth league of any political party should be made up of great thinkers, people who do not think of only themselves but the nation as a whole. A youth league of any party should not work towards filling up their stomachs but make sure the entire youth get a slice too, in a way. A youth league should show us, the community, what to expect from them once they become country leaders one day if it may somehow happen. For now, ANCYL seems to have thrown a towel and does not take any care of their fellow youth across the country. For now, ANCYL seems pushing its nose on a wrong place. In fact, it misses the target. We find ANCYL fighting an illegitimate rich-man&#8217;s fight and that is of reinstating Hlaudi Motsoeneng at SABC. We find ANCYL fighting a far-fight and that is of Dudu Myeni at SAA. Again, we find ANCYL fighting a far-fight that is of Pravin Gordhan and the Hawks. ANCYL should be distancing itself from such fights and concentrate on what touches the youth, the most. Our universities are burning, students are shot in our tertiary institutions but ANCYL seems relaxed like no one s business and if it talks it shows biasness or takes sides. Maybe it is high time that the entire youth should know that this youth league is same as a dog which serves its owner because he feeds it. In other words you show us that you only mind filling up your stomachs and you do not care how the entire youth feels and how touchy is their daily life. Maybe it is high time that the entire youth of the country should step up for reality and truth. Remember, in 1976, learners were called hobos, hooligans, the ungrateful bastards who want to cause trouble for nothing. Those learners were called stubborn big-headed kids who do not appreciate in life. They were called dreamers who were chasing an unrealistic dream. Those learners were told nobody can change the system so they had to change their minds and live with it. Learners were told that nobody can force the Boers to change the rules. Those learners did not back off but they were so persistent. In contrary, they are now celebrated and called heroes! History repeats itself, after forty years the country leaders are using the same descriptives and narrative to coin Varsity students&#8217; struggle and to describe and label students. Revolution is never celebrated while operational because it is chaotic, it is bloody, messy and inconvenient. But as you (as leaders) talk and give labellings, students keep on fighting and their kids will hail them as heroes and heroins in the very near future. We know that ANCYL will not abandon its seniors, the ANC ministers and the president of the country and ANCYL will always show support and covering for them. You must know that coming down and to spare an ear and hear students&#8217; cry and their grievances will never kill you, but doing that will earn you respect because those young ones at tertiary need strong youth leaders who stand with them on hard times and leaders who stand by them. The current ANCYL leadership is a disgrace to the nation and the youth of the country. Oh! before I forget to mention this, the current ANCYL together with the former ANCYL leadership are all a disgrace to the youth. If you may be asked what you have done or what you do for the youth, surely your answer will be &#8220;NOTHING&#8221;. You only smile with rejoice when cashing out on your month-ends&#8217; salaries but the reality and the truth is that you are a shame to the whole of the youth. It is a pity that when elections come you come down to us requesting votes. Remember, the most vote is within the youth and they can oust any leadership through the power of &#8220;X&#8221;. &#8211; We know that our country is rich in minerals. &#8211; We know that our country needs great minds to make it viable and friendly to its citizens. &#8211; We know that the informal settlements and rural areas we have in South Africa are the ones that make ANC win elections even though we can&#8217;t predict what will happen in 2019 elections. &#8211; We know that for our parents to work as garden boys and kitchen girls, make this country rich. &#8211; We know that for rural areas to remain underdeveloped makes this country rich. &#8211; We all know that for ANC not to develop our areas is because the ruling party want to always have areas where it will get votes. &#8211; We all know that once everyone gets better education, jobs, RDP houses, basic services (flushed toilets, clean water and electricity) will see an end for them to go to polling stations to vote. &#8211; We know that ANC does not want everybody to get educated because people will get to question the country&#8217;s leadership about the high corruption and the perturbation within government itself. &#8211; We all know that education makes people to be critical thinkers and the higher the percentage people get educated, the lower the votes will be to ANC.That is why ANC tries by all means to hinder services in some areas, so that it will come back with empty promises again and again. That is why ANC shoots protesters and does not mind if protesters&#8217; blood is shed in those service delivery protests even though those communities protest for their own Rights, the long overdue promised constitutionalized service delivery. I still maintain that ANCYL has derailed from being in good standing for the youth and it has been covering in protection of the high profiled individuals who can stand for themselves and that is done in hands of the youth at grass-root that is left to suffer. All you have to do, as ANC youth leaders is to do the introspection which is the relevant thing and look into your closet, there is more you need to clean or change otherwise the youth of the country has already lost trust and hope in you. Come 2019, another blow is coming your way and ANC will totally loose the statesmanship and the rest of the country will clap trice in celebration. That will be the fall of the Black capitalists who act like Saints and we will be jovial thereafter as a nation. Enough will very soon be enough, come 2019 elections. People will talk the talk and the end of your pleasure and ANC will come to being. This is neither a threat nor an intimidation but it is a promise. I believe: &#8211; I did not insult anyone herein, &#8211; I did not get harsh on anyone, &#8211; I did not razz mataz anyone with big words that make people end up clapping without understanding the speech and meaning of those words, most politicians use to confuse people in that way e.g. Mbalula, &#8211; I did the right thing to warn you of your wrong unmandated acts to the youth of the country. &#8211; I did the right thing to raise youth dissatisfactions with a hope that you will not humiliate your intelligence any further by bringing insults but you will respond with a fully applied sense. This is not a fight but a clear warning.Remember, I am the Professor of my Sufferings. Thank you A Concerned Citizen